2012-04-02: atool 0.39.0 released.
  Add support for plzip, as well as --lzip in GNU tar 1.23 and later (patch
  from Dan Serban).
  Add support for lbzip2 and pigz (patch from Tim Harder).
  Fix documentation typo (Debian #661636).
  Updated links in README and on web page (thanks Antonio Diaz).

2011-08-15: atool 0.38.0 released.
  Fix Mac OS X build time problem (reported by Dave Dribin): Don't use 'sed
  -r' in makefiles, use 'sed' instead, etc.
  Apply manpage typo fix patches (from Francois Marier).
  Fixed bug preventing saved amount of data not to be printed with arepack.
  Added -O, --format-option option for specifying archiver options.
  Exit gracefully when specifying an unsupported formats with arepack.
  Fix xv typo - should be xz (use_tar_xz_option etc) (from polemon).
  Fix identification of .xpi files as zip (patch by Francois Marier,
  Debian bug #530812).
  Fix identification of 7zip files (patch by Bastian Kleineidam,
  Debian bug #558003).

2009-08-13: atool 0.37.0 released.
  Added support for lzip and xz (suggested by Vincent Lefevre).
  Fixed bug in arepack command with tar archives.
  The number of bytes saved is now printed in 'repack' mode (suggested by
  Meino Christian Cramer).
  Don't use -U parameter (to delete original archive) for lzop.
  Added link to ATrpms repository to home page.
  Added support for GNU tar's --xv, --lzop, and --lzma options when the
  corresponding atool options are enabled (use_tar_xv_option,
  use_tar_lzop_option and use_tar_lzma_option).
  Better checking of config file variables.

2009-02-26: atool 0.36.0 released.
  Fix problem not identifying ZIP archives using file (from mollifier).
  Fix problem with escaping characters in UTF-8 locales.
  Don't use -r when creating rar archives, it recurses subdirs as expected
  by default.

2008-06-08: atool 0.35.0 released.
  Now detect self-extracting ZIP archives using file (suggested by Jens
  Schleusener).
  Added "use_file_always" option to always identify using file (suggested
  by Thomas Link).
  Now identify compressed files (bzip2, bzip, gzip, compress) when using
  "use_file" option.
  Improved error messages (from Ed Avis).
  Fix manpage hyphens (patch from Francois Marier).
  Added -o, --option option to change a configuration option.
  Added support for rzip and lrzip archives.
  Use '-c' option with compressors such as gzip and bzip2 when piping
  output.
  Added support for pbzip2 (added configuration options path_pbzip2 and
  use_pbzip2).

2008-04-03: atool 0.34.0 released.
  Added support for lzma (suggested by Ed Avis and Leif Thande, patch from
  Nick Matteo).
  Added extra directory.
  Now using automake.

2007-08-22: atool 0.33.0 released.
  Change order of arguments in tar commands.
  Use 'f' option to tar when using archive from stdin/to stdout (by
  reported by Shotaro Aoyama).
  Fix configuration file bug: "use_arj_for_unpack" did not work 
  (reported by Simon Peter).
  Minor build and documentation updates.

2005-12-13: atool 0.32.0 released.
  Fixed bug in repack mode: Could not repack a compressed file into an
  archive, but could (incorrectly) repack an archive to a compressed file
  (reported by Meino Christian Cramer).
  Print ellipsis properly in output ("...", not "..") (patch from Ed Avis).
  Added support for Microsoft Cabinet archives.
  Ignore waitpid errors on win32 (patch from Ed Avis).

2005-08-08: web page updated.
  Fixed some typos in the web page and NEWS file (will be updated for next
  release).

2005-08-08: atool 0.31.0 released.
  ATTENTION: This release fixes a serious bug which might cause files and
  directories to be removed in some circumstances when using adiff. I
  recommend upgrading to the 0.31.0 immediately. If you cannot upgrade, you
  are safe as long as you do not use the adiff command on untrusted
  archives.
  Here are the details: Symbolic links would be followed when temporary
  directories were removed recursively. Only the adiff command removed
  directories in this way - the extracted files of the archives it
  compared. This means that if you ran adiff on an archive containing a
  symbolic link that pointed to, say, /foo, /foo would be removed
  recursively! This was due to a missing check for symbolic links. This bug
  was found by code auditing, and has been fixed in this release.
  Added arepack command (also -r, --repack) (previously incomplete and
  disabled, also suggested by Meino Christian Cramer).
  Added support for 7-Zip'ed TAR archives (.tar.7z) (suggested by Meino
  Christian Cramer).
  Implemented cat support for 7-Zip archives.
  Completed list of supported archive types in the manual page (some were
  missing).
  Improve --simulate and --explain.
  Added support for acat on Debian packages (patch from Peter Valdemar
  Mørch).
  Added support for extracting control files from Debian packages as well
  (patch from Peter Valdemar Mørch, thanks).
  Fixed some manual page typos.

2005-07-25: atool 0.30.0 released.
  Added support for 7-Zip archives (.7z) using p7zip (suggested by Meino
  Christian Cramer).
  Added support for ALZip archives (.alz) using unalz.
  Added support for Debian package archives (.deb) files (contributed by
  Joao Lourenco).
  Fixed some typos in the manual page (reported by Stephane Jourdois).
  Added file matches for LHA SFX archives.
  Updated building of rpm and debian packages.
  Updated documentation.
  Got rid of year ranges in copyright.

2004-07-05: atool 0.29.0 released.
  Added support for ar archive (.a) files (suggested by Wojtek Sczygiol).
  Improved and cleaned up handling of compressed files (single file
  archives), resulting in some bugs fixed.
  Deal with compressed files (.gz, .bz2, ..) differently, fixing some bugs.
  These files are now extracted to current directory.
  Implemented new options 'decompress_to_cwd'.

2004-06-18: atool 0.28.0 released.
  'make install' will now build everything before installing.
  Use detected perl path in atool executable (reported by Ed Avis).
  Fixed extraction of files from LHA archives (reported by Goetz Waschk and
  Matthew Mueller).

2003-11-14: atool 0.27.0 released.
  Support for autoconf has been added (based on files from Hisham Muhammad,
  thanks).
  Added support for ARC files (suggested by Ed Avis).
  Added support for using the arj command for ARJ archives (previously only
  unarj was supported).
  Cleaned up and improved the manual page and README document.
  Fixed RAR identification from file(1) output.
  Now uses tar --bzip2 option instead of -j. The use_tar_j_option has been
  renamed to use_tar_bzip2_option (patch submitted by Ed Avis, thanks).
  Renamed the use_rar_for_unrar option to use_rar_for_unpack (old options
  will still work).
  Bumped copyright year.
  Removed the distdiff make target.

2003-05-23: atool 0.26.0 released.
  Added a new configuration option, use_rar_for_unrar (always use rar
  instead of unrar when possible).
  Added a new configuration option, strip_unknown_ext (strip unknown
  extensions). Patch submitted by Götz Waschk - thanks!
  Tried to make atool more portable by using File::Spec more.
  Some minor bug fixes for --simulate mode.
  Cleaned up error messages.

2002-11-08: atool 0.25.0 released.
  Implemented a new option keep_compressed to control whether the original
  file should be kept after packing/unpacking compressed files.
  Cleaned up code for handling compressed files.
  Now refuses to compress multiple files into one.
  Don't pass -r option to unrar.
  Cleaned up and simplified the code a little (remove exec argument).
  Use unrar instead of rar when not creating RAR archives. A new option,
  path_unrar was added. (Requested by Götz Waschk.)
  Use cpio for archives that file(1) reports as "ASCII cpio archive".
  Replaced 'refuse to overwrite' wording with 'refusing to overwrite'.
  Updated manual page:
    Replaced 'single-file-compressor' wording with 'file compressor'.
    Clarified meaning of PATH value to -X option.

2002-10-09: atool 0.24.0 released.
  If PAGER is set, use that for default pager instead.
  Debian and RPM packages now include symlinks to the manpage for aunpack,
  apack etc too. These symlinks are also installed during make install.
  Build fixes for RPM package from Götz Waschk (thanks).
  Don't set root:root owner when installing files in Makefile.

2002-09-28: atool 0.23.0 released.
  Added new feature: If no file arguments are specified with apack,
  filenames are read from standard in.
  Added new option: -0, --null to specify that filenames read from standard
  in are separated by null-bytes.
  Fixed tab stop in --help message.
  Exit with non-zero return code if any command failed.
  Cleaned up code (add parens around subroutine calls) to prevent weird
  bugs.

2002-09-17: atool 0.22.0 released.
  Fixed use_gzip_for_z configuration option name typo (was
  cfg_use_gzip_for_z).
  New option use_find_cpio_print0 to make find use -print0 and cpio -0.
  Added support for lzop archives.

2002-09-16: atool 0.21.0 released.
  Use POSIX::getcwd instead of Cwd::cwd (fixes warnings with perl 5.8).
  Fixed some bugs for Perl 5.005 compatibility (reported by Nicholas
  Piper).
  Use sysopen instead of three argument open to open some files.
  Use POSIX::isprint instead of /[[:print:]]/.
  Added --subdir (-D) option to always extract to subdirectory.

2002-09-08: atool 0.20.0 released.
  Added support for cpio archives.
  Fixed bugs with --save-outdir (wouldn't save right directory), and
  updated manpage.
  Fixed help message ("current directory" => "specified directory").

2002-07-13: atool 0.19.0 released.
  Added PREFIX variable to Makefile (patch submitted by Dave Dribin).
  Updated man page with supported archive formats.
  Always run rar with the -r (recursive) option.
  Documented how to make aunpack change into the directory where files were
  extracted to (feature requested by Brian Hall).

2002-07-02: atool 0.18.0 released.
  Added support for rpm archives (patch submitted by João Lourenço -
  thanks!).
  Added configuration option `show_extracted' to always show what file was
  extracted. This is also the default behavior now.
  Added adiff example to manpage.
  Running atool on files with names beginning with <, >, +, | or other
  similar characters could potentially have very bad effects on atool (such
  as files disappearing). This is fixed now.
  Updated the author's email address in the help and version messages.
  Improved error messages by quoting all filenames mentioned.
  No longer change mode on directories before removing them (now considered
  to be unsafe by myself, despite the fact that I wrote the code originally
  :).
  Atool can now be used on files with newline and delete characters in
  their names. (As a result of this, atool now uses the POSIX perl module.)

2002-04-14: atool 0.17.0 released.
  Added support for extraction of arj archives.
  Fixed symlink creation during make install (patch from Brian Hall).
  Fixed wording ("files in root" instead of "root files").
  Fixed adiff on compressed files (would have no effect, and would leave an
  Unpack dir).

2002-02-09: atool 0.16.0 released.
  Added new option `args_diff' to control diff arguments (previously `-ru'
  was hardcoded in).
  Updated wordings in the README.
  Reformatted NEWS file. :)
  Improved Makefile somewhat.
  Fixed identification and some extension-related issues with LHA and RAR.
  Added support for ace archives (extraction and listing only).
  Mention URL for some archiver programs in the README.

2001-12-22: atool 0.15.0 released.
  Fixed a minor bug that would prevent atool from extracting archives with
  one non-writable root directory properly (reported by Matthew Mueller).
  Added files for making RPM packages of atool.
  Added TODO document.

2001-11-17: atool 0.14.0 released.
  Added support for .lha archives (with lha command).
  Fixed and improved the adiff command. (It will no longer ask before
  deleting files.)
  Changed default path for the compress command to 'compress'.
  Improved error messages.
  Some very minor bug fixes.

2001-10-26: atool 0.13.0 released.
  New command adiff that generates a diff between two archives.
  Documentation fixes.

2001-09-18: atool 0.12.0 released.
  Improved error messages when the program to execute does not exist (no
  more Perl warnings).
  The author has changed email-address to oskar@osk.mine.nu.

2001-08-13: atool 0.11.0 released.
  Improved error messages.
  The --each option can now be used with the add command. (This can be used
  to create multiple archives at a time.)

2001-08-01: atool 0.10.0 released.
  New option -e, --each to extract or list multiple archives in one
  command.
  Fixed a bug causing gzip, bzip, bzip2 and compress'd files not to be
  identified correctly.
  Added sections `Examples' and `Known Bugs' to the manual page.

2001-07-16: atool 0.9.0 released.
  Rethought the verbosity options. New options: -v, --verbose and -V,
  --verbosity. Default verbosity level can now be set in configuration
  file.
  Changed behaviour of apack on compressed (gzip, bzip2, ..) files (didn't
  work before).
  Now file's -z option is used to identify more formats.
  Included more information in the manual page (about configuration etc).
  New option --config to load a specific configuration file.
  The temporary extraction directory is now removed on exit, if it is
  empty.
  Now refuses to overwrite existing files when creating archives.
  Minor bug fixes, error message improvements and typo corrections.

2001-07-05: atool 0.8.0 released.
  Added support for configuration files. System-wide (/etc/atool.conf) and
  user (~/.atoolrc) configuration files are supported.
  Added support for identifying files using file(1). See the README file
  for details.
  Symbolic links that refers to non-existant files will no longer be
  overwritten when extracting files (these symlinks were previously
  considered to be non-existant themselves).
  The NEWS file is included again.
  Added option (use_gzip_for_z) to control whether to use gzip or
  uncompress to decompress .Z files.
  Some minor bug fixes.

2001-04-16: atool 0.7.0 released.
  Fixed all commands for tar archives (output would be written to stdout
  and input read from stdin by default),
  When extracting tar.Z archives, extension wouldn't be removed from output
  directory. This has been fixed now.
  Manual format (with --format) wouldn't work at all. This is fixed now.
  Added -F as an alias for --format.
  Recognize .war as a JAR archive.

2001-04-04: atool 0.6.0 released.
  Added this NEWS document.
  Complete rewrite resulting in cleaner and better code.
  Added support for rar archives.
  Added support for .Z (compress) compressed files and .tar.Z archives.
  New option "-p, --page", to send output through pager.
  New option "-E, --explain" to have atool explain what is being done.
  New option "-S, --simulate" to have atool simulate commands.
  Changed "-X, --extract-here" command to "-X, --extract-to" that requires
  a PATH argument.
  The temporary extraction directory is now named "Unpack-XXXX", instead of
  "atool-unpack-XXXX".
  Added configuration options for setting path of programs to use.
  Added configuration options for controlling name of temporary extraction
  directory.
  Implemented a command line generation engine so that /bin/sh is used only
  when necessary.
  Now uses strict.

2001-03-28: atool 0.5.0 released.
  Rereleased with new version number (0.3.0 was released as 0.4.0 on
  Freshmeat).

2001-03-27: atool 0.4.0 released.
  Added forward function declarations to fix "X called to early to check
  prototype" messages generated by Perl 5.6.
  Added files for making Debian packages of atool.
  Fixed help text for -X command.
  Added prototypes for functions without them.
  Added manpage for atool.
  Added more license text from COPYING to the atool source and README file.

2001-03-24: atool 0.3.0 released.
  Fixed "Use of uninitialized value" messages when extracting from
  archives.
  Added support for jar archives, and use_jar_program configuration
  variable.
  The "-q, --quiet" option is now listed in help message.
  Configuration variables are now better documented in the README.
  Some cleanup of the atool code.
  Use exec instead of system where possible.

2001-03-21: atool 0.2.0 released.
  Now creates temporary extraction directory only when necessary.
  Display a message when list command is run on compressed files.

2001-03-17: atool 0.1.0 released.
  First public release.
